T: Everyone! Hello!
T: I'm the captain of a baseball club!
T: Arihara Tsubasa here!
T: My main position is...
T: Shortstop~!
T: Wahaha!
T: Everyone! I'm here today at my
favourite channel - A.I.Channel!
T: Thanks for having me~
T: Actually...!
A: WAIT... WAIT... WAIT!
A: CAMERA STOP!
*Please be patient and wait for a moment ♡*
A: Ya! You! Tsubasa-kun, you...
T: Ah!
T: What's wrong?
A: Being energetic is good...
T: Ah, ahh..
A: Like the baseball player you are...
T: Ah.. hmm..
A: There is this thing called a gameplan...
T: Ah!
A: But you're young, so it's fine even though you just did that relentlessly...
T: Yes... yes..
A: But... look... at least...
T: Mm.. ah!
A: This! This is my show!
T: Aah! I'm sorry!
A: Which means...! I'm the director here!
T: I see..
A: After that, just follow what we discussed earlier during the meeting...
T: Oh, I understand...
A: The sign is...
T: Sign is?
A: This...
T: Wait.. that's too complicated...
A: Like this...
A: For now, if you touch this fluffy..
T: Fluffy...
A: Well... it's just that..
T: But...
T: But Tsubasa doesn't have this fluffy thing...
A: I'll be the one doing it! I'm the director!
T: Ah! I see... I see... you're right... you're right...
T: I understand, no problem!
A: So... if I touch my fluffy...
T: Fluffy...
A: If I touch it.. then bunt
T: I got it!
T: I'm in your care!
A: Alright! Here we go!
A: Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
A: We have a guest today!
A: JA, JAN!
T: Wahhhhh!
T: Hello everyone!
T: I'm from a widely downloaded smartphone app..
T: Called "Hachigatsu no Cinderella Nine"..
T: And I'm Arihara Tsubasa!
Everyone! Please call it "Hachinai"!
A: YEAH! SHU!
T: YEAH! SHU!
A: SHU! SHU!
T: SHU! SHU!
A: With that being said! Today!
A: Tsubasa-Chan from Hachinai!
A: As the captain of publicity...
T: Yes! Yeah!
T: Thank you! Yeah!
Both: Yaaay!
A: You look hyped!
T: Eh? What?
A: Tsubasa-chan, you...
T: Yes?
A: ... How old are you?
T: Let's see... right now I'm just 15 years old...
T: I'm in my first year of high school..
T: And I'll turn 16 on the 3rd of March..
A: Oooh...
A: Oh, a first year high school student...
T: Eh? Wh-what is it?
A: Aren't you young and lively?
T: Ah, your eyes are slightly scary...
A: Eh? I'm not scary..
T: You ARE scary!
A: Do you see me as scary?
T: Y-you're looking VERY scary!
A: Eh, I wonder why that is, that's weird...
A: Aren't... I cute?
T: You are cute!
A: I'm not scary, right?
T: You're cute but for a second there, I thought I saw some kind of creep...
A: Eh?
T: Uh...
A: Eh, if you say stuff like that you'll "disappear", you know?
T: Eh, stop, STOP! You're fr-frightening, Ai-chan~
*weeps*
A: Tsubasa-chan...
T: Hm?
A: What colour do you like?
T: Eh?
T: Me? I really like yellow
A: Oh? So you like yellow...
T: I like yellow, I love yellow the most!
A: Well then...
T: Hm?
A: Your panties today are... yellow?
T: Eh?
A: That skirt moves around a lot doesn't it?
T: Uh..
T: I-it does move around a lot but...
A: Try jumping for a bit?
T: Okay..
A: Uh huh...
T: Ready, set...
T: JUMP!
A: Keep going~
T: Eh, wh-wh-what?!
T: Eh, wow, this is fun
A: Hey, you know...
A: Are you wearing spats?
T: That's right...
T: Because I'm in the baseball club!
A: Is that so? As expected of you..
T: I have to make myself easier to move around
A: Spats...
A: After this...
A: You're going to change your clothes~
T: Eh?
T: What did you say? What do you mean!?
A: Eh...? Eh?
A: Please, please~
T: Eh what...?
T: I won't do anything! I'm still having my spats on...
A: Oh, ok... so just a bit...
A: Please do that~
T: Ai-chan is scary!
T: I came here for promotion but now I want to go home!
A: Huuuh!?
A: You can't go back!?
T: Yes, I won't go back, I won't go back!
A: It'll be very sad to see you go given that you're the very first cute...
A: Cute girl that came here...
T: Thanks, ah, thanks a lot~
A: Actually, another girl came here before~
T: Oh? How was that girl?
A: Well she was in 2D so...
T: That's cute, isn't it~?
A: But after all, a girl looking like a real high schooler is really great~
T: Ah... Somehow, Ai-chan became scary again!
A: I'm not scary!
T: It's just a bit... a bit scary!
A: Look... I'm also... 16 years old! You know?
T: Oh right!
A: Definitely~
A: Yeah~
T: Yeah~
A: But well, that's the settings..
Both: Eh?
T: Today... I came here for promotion!
A: Oh? Promotion?
T: Yes, yes, so that's why...
T: It's a rare chance so...
T: If you can actually let me do my publicity...
A: Yeah... but... that's...
A: I don't know if you can...
T: Eh, I can't!?
T: But you said I could, that's why I came here!
A: Did I really say that?
T: Eh? Eh?
T: Ai-chan, Ai-chan your face is becoming scary again!
A: No but, even if it's Tsubasa-chan's wish...
A: I can't really just... say yes...
T: So that was a lie...
A: Hora~
T: Then... what should I do in order to promote Hachinai?
A: What should I do..? You know... actually...
A: Youtube is...
A: A tough world...
A: As a program, the number of views needs to increase!
T: Ah... a tough world...
A: Yes...
T: So you mean I have to contribute to that too, right?
A: Yes!
T: Hmm~
A: You should understand if you've watched my videos...
A: I often sacrifice my body for that!
T: Wha!?
A: It's serious business...
T: Ah..
T: No, no, but I'm in the baseball club!
T: So I'll never lose a match!
A: Oh!?
A: Then, let's have a game!
T: Ok, the match is on!
A: Putting Hachinai's publicity on the line!
A: It's a serious match of stamina!
A: Tsubasa, like this...
T: Oh!
A: It's invisible to idiots...
T: Invisible to idiots?
A: A magic mat...
T: Ah, I can see it!
A: Oh? Ooh?
T: Ah, I'm a genius!
A: The same?
T: The same!
A: Now, this...
T: This?
A: We're going to do an upper body stretch...
T: Upper body stretch?
A: Yes...
A: We've done this plenty of times before on A.I.Channel...
T: Ah, is that right?
A: This time, the height of the stretch is normally what matters, right?
T: The height...
A: Instead of just the height...
A: We'll measure how long you can stretch and stay still!
A: A measure of your strength and determination...
T: This really is a contest of stamina, isn't it?
A: Even though, I'm not sure we have muscles
T: You're right *laughs*
T: I'll try my best!
Both: Oh!
A: And, for deciding who goes first...
A: Since we're here...
A: Let's decide with rock-paper-scissors!
T: Sounds good!
Both: Rock, paper, scissors!
Both: Aaah!
T: I won!
A: And...
A: Start!
T: How's this?
A: That's pretty good
T: Aaaaaah!
T: This is bad!
Onscreen: During production, Tsubasa was configured to be extraordinarily good at sports
A: You know, with moons~
A: With flowers~
A: Or checkered~
T: Aaugh..
A: Or striped~
A: Or symbols...
T: Aaaagh!
A: Or lace...
T: [Agony continues]
A: Which do you like?
T: [Crying in pain]
T: I can't answer that!
[Ded]
A: Ah.. Ok, next is my turn!
T: Ah!
T: Ok, let's go!
T: And, start!
A: Ooh!
T: Ah!
A: This is pretty easy...
T: Eh? Hold on! This looks like I've lost!
A: This is a lot easier than I thought
T: You're kidding, you're kidding me...
A: What should I do?
A: I'm sorry
T: Eh? Eh? Eh?
T: Ah, Ai, your clothes are so cute..
A: Right?
A: If you get the distribution you can wear them too...
T: You can wear them? I can wear them too?
A: You can
T: Eh? I want to try it!
A: You can become me..
T: I can become you?
A: You can
T: I want to wear the fluffy thing too..
(Referring to Ai's headband)
A: Right? I want it to be merchandised
T: I want to it to be merchandised too!
A: We distribute the model, so you can get it too!
T: All of it?
(Ai Chan owns the 3D model)
T: Anyone can do it?
A: Yes, it's a little sad...
T: Even men- huh? Sad?
A: It's you know, kind of sad...
T: It won't be original anymore...
A: As for me, it makes me happy
T: It makes you happy?
A: It makes me happy but it's alright from time to time if it's not me who does it..
A: Eh?
T: Eh?
T: Why would you say that?
A: But then I'm...
A: I might do you as well, Tsubasa..
T: Eh? What do you mean? Huh?
Both: Huh? Eh?
T: You can't do that! Tsubasa is Tsubasa!
T: Ai-chan, you're amazing!
T: Your back muscles are incredible
A: Right? What should I do next?
T: But this really means that I've lost, haven't I?
A: Hey.. hey...
A: Can we finish now?
A: Results time!
T: Waaaah!
A: ... But we don't really need that, do we?
T: Not really...
A: Ok! We'll present them anyway...
T: Yes!
A: Tsubasa-chan... 39 seconds!
T: Mm..
T: Yay, I actually did 39 seconds!
Both: Yaaay!
A: And me, Kizuna Ai senpai...
A: One minute...
A: And seven seconds!
*Winner: Kizuna Ai*
T: And still you could have kept going...
A: That's right
T: Uuh.. you could have done more...
A: This is the difference between a human and an A.I...
T: Ah, I need to try harder, I need to try harder to surpass an A.I!
A: That's right! You're in the baseball club after all...
T: You're right...
T: That's how it is...
T: But if I go home like this, they'll get mad at me...
A: They'll get mad?
T: *sniff*
T: That's why... if you could...
T: Just please.. let me advertise it for me Ai-chan!
A: What should I doooo?
T: Eeeh?!
T: Please! Please...
A: But you know what...?
A: I also..
A: Don't really have blood, but I do..
T: Ah..
T: You don't, but you do?
A: I don't but I do..
T: So that means...
A: That means...
A: You know what...
A: Because it might lose the meaning of the match...
T: Ah..
A: And because you're kind of a good girl...
A: I thought that I'd have to give you one more chance...
T: I'll do anything! If you advertise me, I'll do anything!
A: You just said you'd do anything, right...?
T: That's what I just said, yeah..
A: Get naked
T: Eh?
A: That's obviously a lie~
T: Right! I knew it!
A: I'm not that evil~
T: Thank god, thank god, thank god~
A: So...
A: If you...
A: Can make me...
A: Go "Kyuun"..
A: I'll advertise it for you!
T: Waah! When you say "kyuun"...
T: I never did something like that, but...
T: But I'll try my hardest!
A: Ooh!
T: Ehhhh...
T: Could you please become...
T: The baseball team's coach so you...
T: Could go for the championship with us?!
T: Mmm..
A: Kyuuun!
It's Tsubasa's PR (Public Relations) time!
August's Cinderella Nine is about...
A baseball game experiencing puberty..
That can be played on a smartphone app...
For all you users, you can play as the girl's baseball team's coach...
And aim for Koushien with us!
(Most well known baseball stadium in Japan)
That being said... We're still a brand new baseball team... There will be many challenges and difficulties for us to overcome..
High school specialties like friendship, worries, low grades...
As well as some temptations~!
With all of that included...
Let's enjoy...
Our impermanent high school life together!
And we look forward to have a coach who can go through all of this with us together!
You certainly have to try playing this game!
I'll be counting on you!
A: So how was that?
T: Amazing! That was a lot of fun!
A: Ah! I'm glad you said that!
T: I was thinking if Ai-chan would play this game I'd be soooo happy!
A: Oh! I will
T: Thank you!
A: I will get Tsubasa-chan, your character ingame!
T: Please!
A: Oh? Eh?
A: With this, we're friends, right?
T: We're friends!
A: We did it!
Both: I made a friend!
A: Come to play sometime...
T: Of course!
A: Oh!
T: Please let me play here!
A: Of course! Of course! Next time...
A: You'll have to show me your panties..
A: Eh?
T: Eh?
...
A: Thank you for the fun time today!
T: Thank you very much!
Both: I'll be counting on you from now on!
A: Everybody, please download the game and get Tsubasa-chan ingame!
T: By all means, please play this game!
A: Please!
A: Ready... set... go!
Both: Shuuu!
A: And with that being said.. this was Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai here!
A: And!
T: The one who came from August's Cinderella Nine!
T: Arihara Tsubasa here!
Both: See you later!
Translated by Inori, Sp3000, Triple baka, Limegrab, Averitius, grunt67, Vortex and HoloKraft
Feel free to join our Discord in the comments section below and get notified whenever subs get released for new videos!